# ModelsIAM

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AccessPolicy** | Pointer to [**ModelsAccessPolicy**](ModelsAccessPolicy.md) |  | [optional] 
**AccountId** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**ActorId** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**ActorType** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**CreatedAt** | Pointer to **string** | CreatedAt is autogenerated on creation | [optional] 
**Id** | Pointer to **string** | ID is auto generated on creation | [optional] 
**UpdatedAt** | Pointer to **string** | UpdatedAt is autogenerated on update | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewModelsIAM

`func NewModelsIAM() *ModelsIAM`

NewModelsIAM instantiates a new ModelsIAM object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewModelsIAMWithDefaults

`func NewModelsIAMWithDefaults() *ModelsIAM`

NewModelsIAMWithDefaults instantiates a new ModelsIAM object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetAccessPolicy

`func (o *ModelsIAM) GetAccessPolicy() ModelsAccessPolicy`

GetAccessPolicy returns the AccessPolicy field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAccessPolicyOk

`func (o *ModelsIAM) GetAccessPolicyOk() (*ModelsAccessPolicy, bool)`

GetAccessPolicyOk returns a tuple with the AccessPolicy field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAccessPolicy

`func (o *ModelsIAM) SetAccessPolicy(v ModelsAccessPolicy)`

SetAccessPolicy sets AccessPolicy field to given value.

### HasAccessPolicy

`func (o *ModelsIAM) HasAccessPolicy() bool`

HasAccessPolicy returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAccountId

`func (o *ModelsIAM) GetAccountId() string`

GetAccountId returns the AccountId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAccountIdOk

`func (o *ModelsIAM) GetAccountIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAccountIdOk returns a tuple with the AccountId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAccountId

`func (o *ModelsIAM) SetAccountId(v string)`

SetAccountId sets AccountId field to given value.

### HasAccountId

`func (o *ModelsIAM) HasAccountId() bool`

HasAccountId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetActorId

`func (o *ModelsIAM) GetActorId() string`

GetActorId returns the ActorId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetActorIdOk

`func (o *ModelsIAM) GetActorIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetActorIdOk returns a tuple with the ActorId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetActorId

`func (o *ModelsIAM) SetActorId(v string)`

SetActorId sets ActorId field to given value.

### HasActorId

`func (o *ModelsIAM) HasActorId() bool`

HasActorId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetActorType

`func (o *ModelsIAM) GetActorType() string`

GetActorType returns the ActorType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetActorTypeOk

`func (o *ModelsIAM) GetActorTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetActorTypeOk returns a tuple with the ActorType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetActorType

`func (o *ModelsIAM) SetActorType(v string)`

SetActorType sets ActorType field to given value.

### HasActorType

`func (o *ModelsIAM) HasActorType() bool`

HasActorType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCreatedAt

`func (o *ModelsIAM) GetCreatedAt() string`

GetCreatedAt returns the CreatedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreatedAtOk

`func (o *ModelsIAM) GetCreatedAtOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCreatedAtOk returns a tuple with the CreatedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreatedAt

`func (o *ModelsIAM) SetCreatedAt(v string)`

SetCreatedAt sets CreatedAt field to given value.

### HasCreatedAt

`func (o *ModelsIAM) HasCreatedAt() bool`

HasCreatedAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetId

`func (o *ModelsIAM) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *ModelsIAM) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *ModelsIAM) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.

### HasId

`func (o *ModelsIAM) HasId() bool`

HasId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUpdatedAt

`func (o *ModelsIAM) GetUpdatedAt() string`

GetUpdatedAt returns the UpdatedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUpdatedAtOk

`func (o *ModelsIAM) GetUpdatedAtOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUpdatedAtOk returns a tuple with the UpdatedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUpdatedAt

`func (o *ModelsIAM) SetUpdatedAt(v string)`

SetUpdatedAt sets UpdatedAt field to given value.

### HasUpdatedAt

`func (o *ModelsIAM) HasUpdatedAt() bool`

HasUpdatedAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


