# ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AccountId** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**CreatedAt** | Pointer to **string** | CreatedAt is autogenerated on creation | [optional] 
**Fg** | Pointer to **bool** | This option enforces volume group policy. If a volume belonging to a group cannot find nodes for its replication sets which don’t have other volumes of same group, the volume creation will fail. | [optional] 
**Fs** | Pointer to **string** | Filesystem to be laid out. | [optional] 
**Id** | Pointer to **string** | ID is auto generated on creation | [optional] 
**Name** | Pointer to **string** | Name of the template. Must be unique within the tenant scope. | [optional] 
**Repl** | Pointer to **int32** | Replication factor for the volume. | [optional] 
**Secure** | Pointer to **bool** | Flag to create an encrypted volume. Currently, not supported (should be set to &#x60;false&#x60;). | [optional] 
**TenantId** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**UpdatedAt** | Pointer to **string** | UpdatedAt is autogenerated on update | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewModelsStorageOptionsTemplate

`func NewModelsStorageOptionsTemplate() *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate`

NewModelsStorageOptionsTemplate instantiates a new ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewModelsStorageOptionsTemplateWithDefaults

`func NewModelsStorageOptionsTemplateWithDefaults() *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate`

NewModelsStorageOptionsTemplateWithDefaults instantiates a new ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetAccountId

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) GetAccountId() string`

GetAccountId returns the AccountId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAccountIdOk

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) GetAccountIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAccountIdOk returns a tuple with the AccountId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAccountId

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) SetAccountId(v string)`

SetAccountId sets AccountId field to given value.

### HasAccountId

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) HasAccountId() bool`

HasAccountId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCreatedAt

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) GetCreatedAt() string`

GetCreatedAt returns the CreatedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreatedAtOk

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) GetCreatedAtOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCreatedAtOk returns a tuple with the CreatedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreatedAt

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) SetCreatedAt(v string)`

SetCreatedAt sets CreatedAt field to given value.

### HasCreatedAt

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) HasCreatedAt() bool`

HasCreatedAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetFg

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) GetFg() bool`

GetFg returns the Fg field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFgOk

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) GetFgOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetFgOk returns a tuple with the Fg field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFg

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) SetFg(v bool)`

SetFg sets Fg field to given value.

### HasFg

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) HasFg() bool`

HasFg returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetFs

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) GetFs() string`

GetFs returns the Fs field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFsOk

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) GetFsOk() (*string, bool)`

GetFsOk returns a tuple with the Fs field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFs

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) SetFs(v string)`

SetFs sets Fs field to given value.

### HasFs

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) HasFs() bool`

HasFs returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetId

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.

### HasId

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) HasId() bool`

HasId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetName

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.

### HasName

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) HasName() bool`

HasName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRepl

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) GetRepl() int32`

GetRepl returns the Repl field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetReplOk

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) GetReplOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetReplOk returns a tuple with the Repl field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRepl

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) SetRepl(v int32)`

SetRepl sets Repl field to given value.

### HasRepl

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) HasRepl() bool`

HasRepl returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSecure

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) GetSecure() bool`

GetSecure returns the Secure field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSecureOk

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) GetSecureOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetSecureOk returns a tuple with the Secure field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSecure

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) SetSecure(v bool)`

SetSecure sets Secure field to given value.

### HasSecure

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) HasSecure() bool`

HasSecure returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTenantId

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) GetTenantId() string`

GetTenantId returns the TenantId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTenantIdOk

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) GetTenantIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTenantIdOk returns a tuple with the TenantId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTenantId

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) SetTenantId(v string)`

SetTenantId sets TenantId field to given value.

### HasTenantId

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) HasTenantId() bool`

HasTenantId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUpdatedAt

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) GetUpdatedAt() string`

GetUpdatedAt returns the UpdatedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUpdatedAtOk

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) GetUpdatedAtOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUpdatedAtOk returns a tuple with the UpdatedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUpdatedAt

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) SetUpdatedAt(v string)`

SetUpdatedAt sets UpdatedAt field to given value.

### HasUpdatedAt

`func (o *ModelsStorageOptionsTemplate) HasUpdatedAt() bool`

HasUpdatedAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


