# ModelsBackupTarget

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AccountId** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**BackupCredentialsId** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**Bucket** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**CreatedAt** | Pointer to **string** | CreatedAt is autogenerated on creation | [optional] 
**Id** | Pointer to **string** | ID is auto generated on creation | [optional] 
**Name** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**Region** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**TenantId** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**Type** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**UpdatedAt** | Pointer to **string** | UpdatedAt is autogenerated on update | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewModelsBackupTarget

`func NewModelsBackupTarget() *ModelsBackupTarget`

NewModelsBackupTarget instantiates a new ModelsBackupTarget object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewModelsBackupTargetWithDefaults

`func NewModelsBackupTargetWithDefaults() *ModelsBackupTarget`

NewModelsBackupTargetWithDefaults instantiates a new ModelsBackupTarget object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetAccountId

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) GetAccountId() string`

GetAccountId returns the AccountId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAccountIdOk

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) GetAccountIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAccountIdOk returns a tuple with the AccountId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAccountId

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) SetAccountId(v string)`

SetAccountId sets AccountId field to given value.

### HasAccountId

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) HasAccountId() bool`

HasAccountId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetBackupCredentialsId

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) GetBackupCredentialsId() string`

GetBackupCredentialsId returns the BackupCredentialsId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetBackupCredentialsIdOk

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) GetBackupCredentialsIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetBackupCredentialsIdOk returns a tuple with the BackupCredentialsId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetBackupCredentialsId

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) SetBackupCredentialsId(v string)`

SetBackupCredentialsId sets BackupCredentialsId field to given value.

### HasBackupCredentialsId

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) HasBackupCredentialsId() bool`

HasBackupCredentialsId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetBucket

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) GetBucket() string`

GetBucket returns the Bucket field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetBucketOk

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) GetBucketOk() (*string, bool)`

GetBucketOk returns a tuple with the Bucket field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetBucket

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) SetBucket(v string)`

SetBucket sets Bucket field to given value.

### HasBucket

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) HasBucket() bool`

HasBucket returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCreatedAt

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) GetCreatedAt() string`

GetCreatedAt returns the CreatedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreatedAtOk

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) GetCreatedAtOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCreatedAtOk returns a tuple with the CreatedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreatedAt

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) SetCreatedAt(v string)`

SetCreatedAt sets CreatedAt field to given value.

### HasCreatedAt

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) HasCreatedAt() bool`

HasCreatedAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetId

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.

### HasId

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) HasId() bool`

HasId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetName

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.

### HasName

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) HasName() bool`

HasName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRegion

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) GetRegion() string`

GetRegion returns the Region field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRegionOk

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) GetRegionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRegionOk returns a tuple with the Region field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRegion

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) SetRegion(v string)`

SetRegion sets Region field to given value.

### HasRegion

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) HasRegion() bool`

HasRegion returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTenantId

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) GetTenantId() string`

GetTenantId returns the TenantId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTenantIdOk

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) GetTenantIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTenantIdOk returns a tuple with the TenantId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTenantId

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) SetTenantId(v string)`

SetTenantId sets TenantId field to given value.

### HasTenantId

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) HasTenantId() bool`

HasTenantId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetType

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) GetType() string`

GetType returns the Type field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTypeOk

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) GetTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTypeOk returns a tuple with the Type field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetType

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) SetType(v string)`

SetType sets Type field to given value.

### HasType

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) HasType() bool`

HasType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUpdatedAt

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) GetUpdatedAt() string`

GetUpdatedAt returns the UpdatedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUpdatedAtOk

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) GetUpdatedAtOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUpdatedAtOk returns a tuple with the UpdatedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUpdatedAt

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) SetUpdatedAt(v string)`

SetUpdatedAt sets UpdatedAt field to given value.

### HasUpdatedAt

`func (o *ModelsBackupTarget) HasUpdatedAt() bool`

HasUpdatedAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


