# ModelsImage

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Build** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**Capabilities** | Pointer to **map[string]interface{}** |  | [optional] 
**CreatedAt** | Pointer to **string** | CreatedAt is autogenerated on creation | [optional] 
**DataServiceId** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**Id** | Pointer to **string** | ID is auto generated on creation | [optional] 
**Images** | Pointer to **map[string]string** |  | [optional] 
**Name** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**Namespace** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**Registry** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**Tag** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**TlsAvailable** | Pointer to **bool** |  | [optional] 
**UpdatedAt** | Pointer to **string** | UpdatedAt is autogenerated on update | [optional] 
**VersionId** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewModelsImage

`func NewModelsImage() *ModelsImage`

NewModelsImage instantiates a new ModelsImage object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewModelsImageWithDefaults

`func NewModelsImageWithDefaults() *ModelsImage`

NewModelsImageWithDefaults instantiates a new ModelsImage object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetBuild

`func (o *ModelsImage) GetBuild() string`

GetBuild returns the Build field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetBuildOk

`func (o *ModelsImage) GetBuildOk() (*string, bool)`

GetBuildOk returns a tuple with the Build field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetBuild

`func (o *ModelsImage) SetBuild(v string)`

SetBuild sets Build field to given value.

### HasBuild

`func (o *ModelsImage) HasBuild() bool`

HasBuild returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCapabilities

`func (o *ModelsImage) GetCapabilities() map[string]interface{}`

GetCapabilities returns the Capabilities field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCapabilitiesOk

`func (o *ModelsImage) GetCapabilitiesOk() (*map[string]interface{}, bool)`

GetCapabilitiesOk returns a tuple with the Capabilities field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCapabilities

`func (o *ModelsImage) SetCapabilities(v map[string]interface{})`

SetCapabilities sets Capabilities field to given value.

### HasCapabilities

`func (o *ModelsImage) HasCapabilities() bool`

HasCapabilities returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCreatedAt

`func (o *ModelsImage) GetCreatedAt() string`

GetCreatedAt returns the CreatedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreatedAtOk

`func (o *ModelsImage) GetCreatedAtOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCreatedAtOk returns a tuple with the CreatedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreatedAt

`func (o *ModelsImage) SetCreatedAt(v string)`

SetCreatedAt sets CreatedAt field to given value.

### HasCreatedAt

`func (o *ModelsImage) HasCreatedAt() bool`

HasCreatedAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDataServiceId

`func (o *ModelsImage) GetDataServiceId() string`

GetDataServiceId returns the DataServiceId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDataServiceIdOk

`func (o *ModelsImage) GetDataServiceIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDataServiceIdOk returns a tuple with the DataServiceId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDataServiceId

`func (o *ModelsImage) SetDataServiceId(v string)`

SetDataServiceId sets DataServiceId field to given value.

### HasDataServiceId

`func (o *ModelsImage) HasDataServiceId() bool`

HasDataServiceId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetId

`func (o *ModelsImage) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *ModelsImage) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *ModelsImage) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.

### HasId

`func (o *ModelsImage) HasId() bool`

HasId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetImages

`func (o *ModelsImage) GetImages() map[string]string`

GetImages returns the Images field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetImagesOk

`func (o *ModelsImage) GetImagesOk() (*map[string]string, bool)`

GetImagesOk returns a tuple with the Images field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetImages

`func (o *ModelsImage) SetImages(v map[string]string)`

SetImages sets Images field to given value.

### HasImages

`func (o *ModelsImage) HasImages() bool`

HasImages returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetName

`func (o *ModelsImage) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *ModelsImage) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *ModelsImage) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.

### HasName

`func (o *ModelsImage) HasName() bool`

HasName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetNamespace

`func (o *ModelsImage) GetNamespace() string`

GetNamespace returns the Namespace field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNamespaceOk

`func (o *ModelsImage) GetNamespaceOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNamespaceOk returns a tuple with the Namespace field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNamespace

`func (o *ModelsImage) SetNamespace(v string)`

SetNamespace sets Namespace field to given value.

### HasNamespace

`func (o *ModelsImage) HasNamespace() bool`

HasNamespace returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRegistry

`func (o *ModelsImage) GetRegistry() string`

GetRegistry returns the Registry field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRegistryOk

`func (o *ModelsImage) GetRegistryOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRegistryOk returns a tuple with the Registry field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRegistry

`func (o *ModelsImage) SetRegistry(v string)`

SetRegistry sets Registry field to given value.

### HasRegistry

`func (o *ModelsImage) HasRegistry() bool`

HasRegistry returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTag

`func (o *ModelsImage) GetTag() string`

GetTag returns the Tag field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTagOk

`func (o *ModelsImage) GetTagOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTagOk returns a tuple with the Tag field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTag

`func (o *ModelsImage) SetTag(v string)`

SetTag sets Tag field to given value.

### HasTag

`func (o *ModelsImage) HasTag() bool`

HasTag returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTlsAvailable

`func (o *ModelsImage) GetTlsAvailable() bool`

GetTlsAvailable returns the TlsAvailable field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTlsAvailableOk

`func (o *ModelsImage) GetTlsAvailableOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetTlsAvailableOk returns a tuple with the TlsAvailable field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTlsAvailable

`func (o *ModelsImage) SetTlsAvailable(v bool)`

SetTlsAvailable sets TlsAvailable field to given value.

### HasTlsAvailable

`func (o *ModelsImage) HasTlsAvailable() bool`

HasTlsAvailable returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUpdatedAt

`func (o *ModelsImage) GetUpdatedAt() string`

GetUpdatedAt returns the UpdatedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUpdatedAtOk

`func (o *ModelsImage) GetUpdatedAtOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUpdatedAtOk returns a tuple with the UpdatedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUpdatedAt

`func (o *ModelsImage) SetUpdatedAt(v string)`

SetUpdatedAt sets UpdatedAt field to given value.

### HasUpdatedAt

`func (o *ModelsImage) HasUpdatedAt() bool`

HasUpdatedAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetVersionId

`func (o *ModelsImage) GetVersionId() string`

GetVersionId returns the VersionId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetVersionIdOk

`func (o *ModelsImage) GetVersionIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetVersionIdOk returns a tuple with the VersionId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetVersionId

`func (o *ModelsImage) SetVersionId(v string)`

SetVersionId sets VersionId field to given value.

### HasVersionId

`func (o *ModelsImage) HasVersionId() bool`

HasVersionId returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


