# ModelsUserAPIKey

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**CreatedAt** | Pointer to **string** | CreatedAt is autogenerated on creation | [optional] 
**Enabled** | Pointer to **bool** |  | [optional] 
**ExpiresAt** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**Id** | Pointer to **string** | ID is auto generated on creation | [optional] 
**JwtToken** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**Name** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**UpdatedAt** | Pointer to **string** | UpdatedAt is autogenerated on update | [optional] 
**UserId** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewModelsUserAPIKey

`func NewModelsUserAPIKey() *ModelsUserAPIKey`

NewModelsUserAPIKey instantiates a new ModelsUserAPIKey object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewModelsUserAPIKeyWithDefaults

`func NewModelsUserAPIKeyWithDefaults() *ModelsUserAPIKey`

NewModelsUserAPIKeyWithDefaults instantiates a new ModelsUserAPIKey object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetCreatedAt

`func (o *ModelsUserAPIKey) GetCreatedAt() string`

GetCreatedAt returns the CreatedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreatedAtOk

`func (o *ModelsUserAPIKey) GetCreatedAtOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCreatedAtOk returns a tuple with the CreatedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreatedAt

`func (o *ModelsUserAPIKey) SetCreatedAt(v string)`

SetCreatedAt sets CreatedAt field to given value.

### HasCreatedAt

`func (o *ModelsUserAPIKey) HasCreatedAt() bool`

HasCreatedAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEnabled

`func (o *ModelsUserAPIKey) GetEnabled() bool`

GetEnabled returns the Enabled field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEnabledOk

`func (o *ModelsUserAPIKey) GetEnabledOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetEnabledOk returns a tuple with the Enabled field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEnabled

`func (o *ModelsUserAPIKey) SetEnabled(v bool)`

SetEnabled sets Enabled field to given value.

### HasEnabled

`func (o *ModelsUserAPIKey) HasEnabled() bool`

HasEnabled returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetExpiresAt

`func (o *ModelsUserAPIKey) GetExpiresAt() string`

GetExpiresAt returns the ExpiresAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExpiresAtOk

`func (o *ModelsUserAPIKey) GetExpiresAtOk() (*string, bool)`

GetExpiresAtOk returns a tuple with the ExpiresAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExpiresAt

`func (o *ModelsUserAPIKey) SetExpiresAt(v string)`

SetExpiresAt sets ExpiresAt field to given value.

### HasExpiresAt

`func (o *ModelsUserAPIKey) HasExpiresAt() bool`

HasExpiresAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetId

`func (o *ModelsUserAPIKey) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *ModelsUserAPIKey) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *ModelsUserAPIKey) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.

### HasId

`func (o *ModelsUserAPIKey) HasId() bool`

HasId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetJwtToken

`func (o *ModelsUserAPIKey) GetJwtToken() string`

GetJwtToken returns the JwtToken field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetJwtTokenOk

`func (o *ModelsUserAPIKey) GetJwtTokenOk() (*string, bool)`

GetJwtTokenOk returns a tuple with the JwtToken field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetJwtToken

`func (o *ModelsUserAPIKey) SetJwtToken(v string)`

SetJwtToken sets JwtToken field to given value.

### HasJwtToken

`func (o *ModelsUserAPIKey) HasJwtToken() bool`

HasJwtToken returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetName

`func (o *ModelsUserAPIKey) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *ModelsUserAPIKey) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *ModelsUserAPIKey) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.

### HasName

`func (o *ModelsUserAPIKey) HasName() bool`

HasName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUpdatedAt

`func (o *ModelsUserAPIKey) GetUpdatedAt() string`

GetUpdatedAt returns the UpdatedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUpdatedAtOk

`func (o *ModelsUserAPIKey) GetUpdatedAtOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUpdatedAtOk returns a tuple with the UpdatedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUpdatedAt

`func (o *ModelsUserAPIKey) SetUpdatedAt(v string)`

SetUpdatedAt sets UpdatedAt field to given value.

### HasUpdatedAt

`func (o *ModelsUserAPIKey) HasUpdatedAt() bool`

HasUpdatedAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUserId

`func (o *ModelsUserAPIKey) GetUserId() string`

GetUserId returns the UserId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUserIdOk

`func (o *ModelsUserAPIKey) GetUserIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUserIdOk returns a tuple with the UserId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUserId

`func (o *ModelsUserAPIKey) SetUserId(v string)`

SetUserId sets UserId field to given value.

### HasUserId

`func (o *ModelsUserAPIKey) HasUserId() bool`

HasUserId returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


