# ModelsRestore

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ApplyStatus** | Pointer to **string** | Status of sending Restore CR to the Target Cluster | [optional] 
**BackupJobId** | Pointer to **string** | ID of the backup to be restored, the job might be already deleted | [optional] 
**CloudCredentialName** | Pointer to **string** | Identifier of the PX cloud credentials of the storage with the backup | [optional] 
**CloudSnapId** | Pointer to **string** | ID of the PX cloud snapshot with the backup | [optional] 
**CompletionTime** | Pointer to **string** | Completion time of the restore process | [optional] 
**CreatedAt** | Pointer to **string** | CreatedAt is autogenerated on creation | [optional] 
**DeploymentId** | Pointer to **string** | ID of the new deployment that will contain restored data | [optional] 
**DeploymentTargetId** | Pointer to **string** | ID of the deployment target where the restore is applied | [optional] 
**ErrorCode** | Pointer to **string** | Error code of the restore from Target Cluster | [optional] 
**Id** | Pointer to **string** | ID is auto generated on creation | [optional] 
**Name** | Pointer to **string** | Name of the restore | [optional] 
**NamespaceId** | Pointer to **string** | ID of the namespace where the restore is created | [optional] 
**StartTime** | Pointer to **string** | Starting time of the restore process | [optional] 
**Status** | Pointer to **string** | Status of the restore process on the Target Cluster | [optional] 
**Timestamp** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**UpdatedAt** | Pointer to **string** | UpdatedAt is autogenerated on update | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewModelsRestore

`func NewModelsRestore() *ModelsRestore`

NewModelsRestore instantiates a new ModelsRestore object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewModelsRestoreWithDefaults

`func NewModelsRestoreWithDefaults() *ModelsRestore`

NewModelsRestoreWithDefaults instantiates a new ModelsRestore object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetApplyStatus

`func (o *ModelsRestore) GetApplyStatus() string`

GetApplyStatus returns the ApplyStatus field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetApplyStatusOk

`func (o *ModelsRestore) GetApplyStatusOk() (*string, bool)`

GetApplyStatusOk returns a tuple with the ApplyStatus field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetApplyStatus

`func (o *ModelsRestore) SetApplyStatus(v string)`

SetApplyStatus sets ApplyStatus field to given value.

### HasApplyStatus

`func (o *ModelsRestore) HasApplyStatus() bool`

HasApplyStatus returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetBackupJobId

`func (o *ModelsRestore) GetBackupJobId() string`

GetBackupJobId returns the BackupJobId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetBackupJobIdOk

`func (o *ModelsRestore) GetBackupJobIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetBackupJobIdOk returns a tuple with the BackupJobId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetBackupJobId

`func (o *ModelsRestore) SetBackupJobId(v string)`

SetBackupJobId sets BackupJobId field to given value.

### HasBackupJobId

`func (o *ModelsRestore) HasBackupJobId() bool`

HasBackupJobId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCloudCredentialName

`func (o *ModelsRestore) GetCloudCredentialName() string`

GetCloudCredentialName returns the CloudCredentialName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCloudCredentialNameOk

`func (o *ModelsRestore) GetCloudCredentialNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCloudCredentialNameOk returns a tuple with the CloudCredentialName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCloudCredentialName

`func (o *ModelsRestore) SetCloudCredentialName(v string)`

SetCloudCredentialName sets CloudCredentialName field to given value.

### HasCloudCredentialName

`func (o *ModelsRestore) HasCloudCredentialName() bool`

HasCloudCredentialName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCloudSnapId

`func (o *ModelsRestore) GetCloudSnapId() string`

GetCloudSnapId returns the CloudSnapId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCloudSnapIdOk

`func (o *ModelsRestore) GetCloudSnapIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCloudSnapIdOk returns a tuple with the CloudSnapId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCloudSnapId

`func (o *ModelsRestore) SetCloudSnapId(v string)`

SetCloudSnapId sets CloudSnapId field to given value.

### HasCloudSnapId

`func (o *ModelsRestore) HasCloudSnapId() bool`

HasCloudSnapId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCompletionTime

`func (o *ModelsRestore) GetCompletionTime() string`

GetCompletionTime returns the CompletionTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCompletionTimeOk

`func (o *ModelsRestore) GetCompletionTimeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCompletionTimeOk returns a tuple with the CompletionTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCompletionTime

`func (o *ModelsRestore) SetCompletionTime(v string)`

SetCompletionTime sets CompletionTime field to given value.

### HasCompletionTime

`func (o *ModelsRestore) HasCompletionTime() bool`

HasCompletionTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCreatedAt

`func (o *ModelsRestore) GetCreatedAt() string`

GetCreatedAt returns the CreatedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreatedAtOk

`func (o *ModelsRestore) GetCreatedAtOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCreatedAtOk returns a tuple with the CreatedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreatedAt

`func (o *ModelsRestore) SetCreatedAt(v string)`

SetCreatedAt sets CreatedAt field to given value.

### HasCreatedAt

`func (o *ModelsRestore) HasCreatedAt() bool`

HasCreatedAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDeploymentId

`func (o *ModelsRestore) GetDeploymentId() string`

GetDeploymentId returns the DeploymentId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDeploymentIdOk

`func (o *ModelsRestore) GetDeploymentIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDeploymentIdOk returns a tuple with the DeploymentId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDeploymentId

`func (o *ModelsRestore) SetDeploymentId(v string)`

SetDeploymentId sets DeploymentId field to given value.

### HasDeploymentId

`func (o *ModelsRestore) HasDeploymentId() bool`

HasDeploymentId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDeploymentTargetId

`func (o *ModelsRestore) GetDeploymentTargetId() string`

GetDeploymentTargetId returns the DeploymentTargetId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDeploymentTargetIdOk

`func (o *ModelsRestore) GetDeploymentTargetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDeploymentTargetIdOk returns a tuple with the DeploymentTargetId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDeploymentTargetId

`func (o *ModelsRestore) SetDeploymentTargetId(v string)`

SetDeploymentTargetId sets DeploymentTargetId field to given value.

### HasDeploymentTargetId

`func (o *ModelsRestore) HasDeploymentTargetId() bool`

HasDeploymentTargetId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetErrorCode

`func (o *ModelsRestore) GetErrorCode() string`

GetErrorCode returns the ErrorCode field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetErrorCodeOk

`func (o *ModelsRestore) GetErrorCodeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetErrorCodeOk returns a tuple with the ErrorCode field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetErrorCode

`func (o *ModelsRestore) SetErrorCode(v string)`

SetErrorCode sets ErrorCode field to given value.

### HasErrorCode

`func (o *ModelsRestore) HasErrorCode() bool`

HasErrorCode returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetId

`func (o *ModelsRestore) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *ModelsRestore) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *ModelsRestore) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.

### HasId

`func (o *ModelsRestore) HasId() bool`

HasId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetName

`func (o *ModelsRestore) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *ModelsRestore) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *ModelsRestore) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.

### HasName

`func (o *ModelsRestore) HasName() bool`

HasName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetNamespaceId

`func (o *ModelsRestore) GetNamespaceId() string`

GetNamespaceId returns the NamespaceId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNamespaceIdOk

`func (o *ModelsRestore) GetNamespaceIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNamespaceIdOk returns a tuple with the NamespaceId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNamespaceId

`func (o *ModelsRestore) SetNamespaceId(v string)`

SetNamespaceId sets NamespaceId field to given value.

### HasNamespaceId

`func (o *ModelsRestore) HasNamespaceId() bool`

HasNamespaceId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetStartTime

`func (o *ModelsRestore) GetStartTime() string`

GetStartTime returns the StartTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStartTimeOk

`func (o *ModelsRestore) GetStartTimeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetStartTimeOk returns a tuple with the StartTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStartTime

`func (o *ModelsRestore) SetStartTime(v string)`

SetStartTime sets StartTime field to given value.

### HasStartTime

`func (o *ModelsRestore) HasStartTime() bool`

HasStartTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetStatus

`func (o *ModelsRestore) GetStatus() string`

GetStatus returns the Status field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStatusOk

`func (o *ModelsRestore) GetStatusOk() (*string, bool)`

GetStatusOk returns a tuple with the Status field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStatus

`func (o *ModelsRestore) SetStatus(v string)`

SetStatus sets Status field to given value.

### HasStatus

`func (o *ModelsRestore) HasStatus() bool`

HasStatus returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTimestamp

`func (o *ModelsRestore) GetTimestamp() string`

GetTimestamp returns the Timestamp field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTimestampOk

`func (o *ModelsRestore) GetTimestampOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTimestampOk returns a tuple with the Timestamp field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTimestamp

`func (o *ModelsRestore) SetTimestamp(v string)`

SetTimestamp sets Timestamp field to given value.

### HasTimestamp

`func (o *ModelsRestore) HasTimestamp() bool`

HasTimestamp returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUpdatedAt

`func (o *ModelsRestore) GetUpdatedAt() string`

GetUpdatedAt returns the UpdatedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUpdatedAtOk

`func (o *ModelsRestore) GetUpdatedAtOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUpdatedAtOk returns a tuple with the UpdatedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUpdatedAt

`func (o *ModelsRestore) SetUpdatedAt(v string)`

SetUpdatedAt sets UpdatedAt field to given value.

### HasUpdatedAt

`func (o *ModelsRestore) HasUpdatedAt() bool`

HasUpdatedAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


