# ModelsTask

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AccountId** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**AssociatedResource** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**CreatedAt** | Pointer to **string** | CreatedAt is autogenerated on creation | [optional] 
**CurrentStep** | Pointer to **int32** |  | [optional] 
**Description** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**Id** | Pointer to **int32** | ID is auto generated on creation | [optional] 
**Log** | Pointer to **[]string** |  | [optional] 
**ProjectId** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**Status** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**TenantId** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**TotalSteps** | Pointer to **int32** |  | [optional] 
**UpdatedAt** | Pointer to **string** | UpdatedAt is autogenerated on update | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewModelsTask

`func NewModelsTask() *ModelsTask`

NewModelsTask instantiates a new ModelsTask object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewModelsTaskWithDefaults

`func NewModelsTaskWithDefaults() *ModelsTask`

NewModelsTaskWithDefaults instantiates a new ModelsTask object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetAccountId

`func (o *ModelsTask) GetAccountId() string`

GetAccountId returns the AccountId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAccountIdOk

`func (o *ModelsTask) GetAccountIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAccountIdOk returns a tuple with the AccountId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAccountId

`func (o *ModelsTask) SetAccountId(v string)`

SetAccountId sets AccountId field to given value.

### HasAccountId

`func (o *ModelsTask) HasAccountId() bool`

HasAccountId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAssociatedResource

`func (o *ModelsTask) GetAssociatedResource() string`

GetAssociatedResource returns the AssociatedResource field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAssociatedResourceOk

`func (o *ModelsTask) GetAssociatedResourceOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAssociatedResourceOk returns a tuple with the AssociatedResource field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAssociatedResource

`func (o *ModelsTask) SetAssociatedResource(v string)`

SetAssociatedResource sets AssociatedResource field to given value.

### HasAssociatedResource

`func (o *ModelsTask) HasAssociatedResource() bool`

HasAssociatedResource returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCreatedAt

`func (o *ModelsTask) GetCreatedAt() string`

GetCreatedAt returns the CreatedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreatedAtOk

`func (o *ModelsTask) GetCreatedAtOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCreatedAtOk returns a tuple with the CreatedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreatedAt

`func (o *ModelsTask) SetCreatedAt(v string)`

SetCreatedAt sets CreatedAt field to given value.

### HasCreatedAt

`func (o *ModelsTask) HasCreatedAt() bool`

HasCreatedAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCurrentStep

`func (o *ModelsTask) GetCurrentStep() int32`

GetCurrentStep returns the CurrentStep field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCurrentStepOk

`func (o *ModelsTask) GetCurrentStepOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetCurrentStepOk returns a tuple with the CurrentStep field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCurrentStep

`func (o *ModelsTask) SetCurrentStep(v int32)`

SetCurrentStep sets CurrentStep field to given value.

### HasCurrentStep

`func (o *ModelsTask) HasCurrentStep() bool`

HasCurrentStep returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDescription

`func (o *ModelsTask) GetDescription() string`

GetDescription returns the Description field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDescriptionOk

`func (o *ModelsTask) GetDescriptionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDescriptionOk returns a tuple with the Description field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDescription

`func (o *ModelsTask) SetDescription(v string)`

SetDescription sets Description field to given value.

### HasDescription

`func (o *ModelsTask) HasDescription() bool`

HasDescription returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetId

`func (o *ModelsTask) GetId() int32`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *ModelsTask) GetIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *ModelsTask) SetId(v int32)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.

### HasId

`func (o *ModelsTask) HasId() bool`

HasId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLog

`func (o *ModelsTask) GetLog() []string`

GetLog returns the Log field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogOk

`func (o *ModelsTask) GetLogOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetLogOk returns a tuple with the Log field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLog

`func (o *ModelsTask) SetLog(v []string)`

SetLog sets Log field to given value.

### HasLog

`func (o *ModelsTask) HasLog() bool`

HasLog returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetProjectId

`func (o *ModelsTask) GetProjectId() string`

GetProjectId returns the ProjectId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetProjectIdOk

`func (o *ModelsTask) GetProjectIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetProjectIdOk returns a tuple with the ProjectId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetProjectId

`func (o *ModelsTask) SetProjectId(v string)`

SetProjectId sets ProjectId field to given value.

### HasProjectId

`func (o *ModelsTask) HasProjectId() bool`

HasProjectId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetStatus

`func (o *ModelsTask) GetStatus() string`

GetStatus returns the Status field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStatusOk

`func (o *ModelsTask) GetStatusOk() (*string, bool)`

GetStatusOk returns a tuple with the Status field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStatus

`func (o *ModelsTask) SetStatus(v string)`

SetStatus sets Status field to given value.

### HasStatus

`func (o *ModelsTask) HasStatus() bool`

HasStatus returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTenantId

`func (o *ModelsTask) GetTenantId() string`

GetTenantId returns the TenantId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTenantIdOk

`func (o *ModelsTask) GetTenantIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTenantIdOk returns a tuple with the TenantId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTenantId

`func (o *ModelsTask) SetTenantId(v string)`

SetTenantId sets TenantId field to given value.

### HasTenantId

`func (o *ModelsTask) HasTenantId() bool`

HasTenantId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTotalSteps

`func (o *ModelsTask) GetTotalSteps() int32`

GetTotalSteps returns the TotalSteps field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTotalStepsOk

`func (o *ModelsTask) GetTotalStepsOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetTotalStepsOk returns a tuple with the TotalSteps field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTotalSteps

`func (o *ModelsTask) SetTotalSteps(v int32)`

SetTotalSteps sets TotalSteps field to given value.

### HasTotalSteps

`func (o *ModelsTask) HasTotalSteps() bool`

HasTotalSteps returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUpdatedAt

`func (o *ModelsTask) GetUpdatedAt() string`

GetUpdatedAt returns the UpdatedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUpdatedAtOk

`func (o *ModelsTask) GetUpdatedAtOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUpdatedAtOk returns a tuple with the UpdatedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUpdatedAt

`func (o *ModelsTask) SetUpdatedAt(v string)`

SetUpdatedAt sets UpdatedAt field to given value.

### HasUpdatedAt

`func (o *ModelsTask) HasUpdatedAt() bool`

HasUpdatedAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


